Add cover to Dynalite integration (#12275)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/dynalite.markdown

          description: Name of the area.
          required: true
          type: string
        template:

>           description: "Type of template to use for the area. Supported values are: 'room', 'trigger', and 'timecover'. They are described in details below in the **template** section. If the template parameters are different than defaults, they can be overriden in this section as well"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: "Type of template to use for the area. Supported values are: `room`, `trigger`, and `timecover`. They are described in detail below in the **template** section. If the template parameters are different than defaults, they can be overridden in this section as well."
```

          require: false
          type: string
          default: No template
        TEMPLATE_PARAMS:

>           description: "This can be any of the settings of the template. For example, for template 'room': 'room_on' and 'room_off' are possible options"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: "This can be any of the settings of the template. For example, for template `room`: `room_on` and `room_off` are possible options."
```

          required: false
          type: float
          default: 2.0
template:
  description: Set the default parameters for the templates.
  required: false
  type: map
  keys:
    room:
      description: This is used to define a room that has a preset to turn on all the channels in the area and a preset to turn off.
      required: false
      type: map
      keys:
        room_on:
          description: Preset to turn area on.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 1
        room_off:
          description: Preset to turn area off.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 4
    trigger:
      description: This is used to define a preset that acts as a trigger, such as a door buzzer. It only supports turning on.
      required: false
      type: map
      keys:
        trigger:
          description: Preset to trigger the action.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 1
    timecover:

>       description: "This is used to define a cover that has 3 presets: open, close, and stop. Potentially can also use a channel that some systems (e.g. Control4) use to also send commands to open and close the cover. It uses the duration it takes to open or close to determine position. In addition, many times, these covers include tilt by opening or closing for a short time, so this can be defined as well."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "This is used to define a cover that has 3 presets: `open`, `close`, and `stop`. Potentially can also use a channel that some systems (e.g., Control4) use to also send commands to open and close the cover. It uses the duration it takes to open or close to determine position. In addition, many times, these covers include tilt by opening or closing for a short time, so this can be defined as well."
```

      required: false
      type: map
      keys:
        open:
          description: Preset to open the cover.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 1
        close:
          description: Preset to close the cover.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 2
        stop:
          description: Preset to stop the cover.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 4
        channelcover:
          description: Channel that monitors the cover.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 1
        duration:
          description: Time in seconds it takes to open or close the cover.
          required: false
          type: integer
          default: 60
        tilt:

>           description: "Time in seconds it takes to open or close the cover tilt. '0' means that the cover does not support tilt."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: "Time in seconds it takes to open or close the cover tilt. `0` means that the cover does not support tilt."
```

          require: false
          type: integer
          default: 0
        class:

>           description: "Type of cover for Home Assistant. The supported cover classes are currently 'awning', 'blind', 'curtain', 'damper', 'door', 'garage', 'shade', 'shutter', and 'window'."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: "Type of cover for Home Assistant. The supported cover classes are currently `awning`, `blind`, `curtain`, `damper`, `door`, `garage`, `shade`, `shutter`, and `window`."
```
